gh-102690: Use Edge as fallback in webbrowser instead of IE (#102691)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Windows/2023-03-14-10-52-43.gh-issue-102690.sbXtqk.rst

> Update webbrowsers.py to fallback to Microsoft Edge instead of IE

Reviewer: Proper module name and markup:
```suggestion
Update :mod:`webbrowser` to fall back to Microsoft Edge instead of Internet Explorer.
```
